README.md, before:

# Nodelo-release

<!--- These are examples. See https://shields.io for others or to customize this set of shields. You might want to include dependencies, project status and licence info here --->
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release?style=social)
![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CodeHands?style=social)

Nodelo-template is a `template` that allows `everyone` to quickly `release nodejs modules`.

Semantic-release will run your NPM releases, github actions are your CI & CD platform. 

## Getting started with Nodelo-release

Click on the "Use this template" button at the top of the repo.

## Using Nodelo-release

To use Nodelo-release, follow these steps:
1. Insert your NPM_TOKEN into secrets.  - [about secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/creating-and-storing-encrypted-secrets)
1. Move `.github-disabled` to `./github/` - [about actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)

**Optional** _These are just suggestions_
- Install [semantic-pull-request](https://github.com/apps/semantic-pull-requests) to make sure all PR's follow semantic-versioning.
- Install [commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) to help format your commit messages.
- Only allow 'squash merging' from settings. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9532762/89750815-255b2780-da93-11ea-8d20-8b42100d2a0b.png)
- Use @scottydocs [README-template](https://github.com/scottydocs/README-template.md), it's a good starting point for making simple informative README's.
## Contributing to Nodelo-release

This is a template to get you started, nothing here should constrain you from doing what you want to do! If you find something that you think other people might find useful 

[Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) if you feel others will benefit from it.

## Contributors

Thanks to the following people who have contributed to this project:

* [@DanielTamkin](https://github.com/DanielTamkin) 🖋 
* [@gr2m](https://github.com/gr2m) 🔧 (For assisting in bumps while learning semantic-release)
* [@zeke](https://github.com/zeke) 📖 ([Their tutorial](https://github.com/zeke/semantic-release-with-github-actions) helped me learn how to use semantic-release in GitHub actions).


## License

This project uses: [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

Commit message:

feat(build): move to yarn, remove pika as build pipeline (#3)
* Switch to yarn lockfiles
* Move copy-script to a better place
* Update to use yarn
* Update Getting started section
* Clean up opening description
* Update release locations
* Correct incorrect script assign

README.md, after:

# Nodelo-release

<!--- These are examples. See https://shields.io for others or to customize this set of shields. You might want to include dependencies, project status and licence info here --->
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DanielTamkin/nodelo-release?style=social)
![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CodeHands?style=social)

Nodelo-template is a `template` that allows `everyone` to quickly `release nodejs modules`.

Uses [semantic-release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/) to automate your NPM releases with the help of [github actions](https://github.com/features/actions) as your CI & CD platform.

_Note:_ [`yarn`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) is the default package manager, you can easily change to [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) by removing `yarn-lock.json`, then building the `package-lock.json` file with `npm install`. Next change the mentions of yarn with npm in both the Action workflow & package scripts.

## Getting started with Nodelo-release

- [ ] Click on the "Use this template" button at the top of the repo.
To use Nodelo-release, follow these steps:
- [ ] Create your NPM Token  - [Learn about NPM Tokens](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-authentication-tokens).  ![GitHub secrets screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9532762/90075684-9f71f300-dcc3-11ea-8238-56d4b8f17a24.png) Then, create a new secret named `NPM_TOKEN` - [About secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/creating-and-storing-encrypted-secrets)

- [ ] Move `.github-disabled` to `./github/` - [About actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)

**Optional** _These are just suggestions_
- [ ] Install [semantic-pull-request](https://github.com/apps/semantic-pull-requests) (A GitHub App) to make sure all PR's follow semantic-versioning.
- [ ] Install [commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) (A CLI plugin) to help format your commit messages.
- [ ] Only allow 'squash merging' from settings. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9532762/89750815-255b2780-da93-11ea-8d20-8b42100d2a0b.png)
- [ ] Use @scottydocs [README-template](https://github.com/scottydocs/README-template.md), it's a good starting point for making simple informative README's.
## Contributing to Nodelo-release

This is a template to get you started, nothing here should constrain you from doing what you want to do! If you find something that you think other people might find useful 

[Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) if you feel others will benefit from it.

## Contributors

Thanks to the following people who have contributed to this project:

* [@DanielTamkin](https://github.com/DanielTamkin) 🖋 
* [@gr2m](https://github.com/gr2m) 🔧 (For assisting in bumps while learning semantic-release)
* [@zeke](https://github.com/zeke) 📖 ([Their tutorial](https://github.com/zeke/semantic-release-with-github-actions) helped me learn how to use semantic-release in GitHub actions).


## License

This project uses: [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
